Planeteria Project Road Map & Wishlist

This document lists known bugs & feature requests, and our plans/vision to address them.  

In January-April 2013, Aleta Dunne is working on Planeteria as a project for her OPW internship; one goal of the internship is to build community and momentum around this project so that it can continue to be improved after the internship ends and Aleta has less time to dedicate to Planeteria.

IN PROGRESS: 
Website Redesign with Twitter Bootstrap
	•	The redesign will modernize the code (HTML5, jQuery), make the site friendly to mobile devices (responsive design), and make minor improvements to the UI and sitemap.
	•	New feed tagging feature will allow planet readers to 

Bug fixes relating to proper parsing / rendering of feeds re: unicode & escaped characters

ONGOING:
Community-building around the project and individual planets
	•	Spreading the word about Planeteria as an easy way to create new planets.
	•	Promoting the Women in Free Software planet; continuing to curate the feed to make it useful and relevant to readers.
	•	Create a space for discussion about Planeteria (IRC channel, email list).
	◦	Planeteria mailing list will be set up very soon in Google Groups for an archived discussion space.
	◦	Currently, much of the discussion about Planeteria happens on #opw channel on irc.gnome.org where @aleta can often be found.  If/when Planeteria discussion creates too much noise in that channel, we’ll create an IRC channel just for Planeteria discussion.

Improving site installation process & instructions to make it easy for new contributors to get started. (We’d love help from contributors with this)

FUTURE PROJECTS:
Aleta will drive these tasks, but will probably not be able to work on them until after the internship period is over; it would be nice to have contributors who can lend their expertise and help move the progress forward more quickly.

	1.	Adding OPML support for blog feeds
	2.	Separate admin login and administrator contact information changes from feed changes in UI.
	3.	Multiple logins for a single planet
	4.	Planet-specific web analytics
	5.	Automatic in-document feed updates using JSON
	6.	Automating pulling inactive blogs from feeds

There is some discussion of adding social media integration; this requires more discussion as to how it could be done in a way that is useful to readers, without drowning out blog posts or cluttering the UI.

SYSADMIN TASKS FOR JAMES:

	1.	Adding an uptime monitoring service to help improve site uptime
	2.	Increase cron job update frequency (5 mins?)
	3.	Adding web analytics ( http://awstats.sourceforge.net/ )
	4.	Moving the site to its own server
